When I invested in those companies
All investments are opposed
What about those companies that are going badly?
Totally not worth the investment.
Once you put it in, you will lose everything
Now the market value of those companies has skyrocketed
Partner of a fund company
One by one, they were turned on again.
It is said that these investments have been made since the foundation was established
The most discerning
Investing with an independent perspective
What about the family members of this fund company?
It's all a bunch of wine bags and rice bags
Except for splitting the money
Useless
The money we make as a couple can't be cheap
scrap immediately
Are you going to kick them all out of the company?
Take this to the Machine Society directors
I promise they will be obedient
This
Great to have these things
Take the money out of the company's pension
It's the only thing those directors do
Uncle Second Young Master has just officially issued a document
Our company's project with Zhongzhou Group
It will become the best in the world
As soon as the news came out, the group's stock immediately went crazy
The patriarch wants you to go right now
Xiaofan, you must be careful
I see what's going on
As soon as the project is completed, I will take you to the knife immediately
I'm going to rate that.